---
layout: post
title:  "Link Deas"
date:   2015-04-05 17:36:57
categories: character
---

## Quote 1
> "I just want the whole lot of you to know one thing right now. That boy's worked for me eight years an' I ain't had a speck o'trouble outa him. Not a speck."

Link Deas is a respectful person who dosen't care about the color of people's skin, and obviously dosen't care who knows it. Since he stands up and shouts this quote in the courtroom. He is one of the few people to actually say anything good about Tom Robinson ever in the book. Even though it probably wasn't legal to shout in the courtroom, this trial wasn't very just, nor legal.

## Quote 2
> "First thing you can do, Ewell, is get your stinkin' carcass off my property. You're leanin' on it an' I can't afford fresh paint for it. Second thing you can do is stay away from my cook or I'll have you up for assault-"

Deas is the only employer to actually let Helen work for him, which shows he ain't afraid of no fight. When the fight actually happens, he is ready for this Ewell character who **followed Helen to her work**. (I'm pretty sure if it was today, Helen could sue the government, Bob Ewell, the prison, her former employer). Link swiftly sweeps Ewell away and makes sure Helen is never bothered again. This shows that even though he is not a racist like lots of other "Maycombnites", he still has some fancy powers.

## Link's Ideals
- Tell the truth, no matter the distraction that it will cause
- Do the right thing, because its the right thing to do
- Treat others the way they deserve to be treated
- Watch out for your fellow man
- Don't let fear rule you
- Don't back down from a fight
- Don't be racist
- Stick up for the weak
- Respect your neighbor
- Be chivalrous
