---
layout: post
title:  "School"
date:   2015-04-05 17:36:57
categories: setting
---

## Quote 1 (auditorium)
> “When we reached the auditorium, the whole town was there except Atticus and the ladies worn out from decorating, and the usual outcasts and shut-ins. Most of the county, it seemed, was there: the hall was teeming with slicked-up country people.”

The Auditorium is shown as a type of meeting place for Maycomb. This is where they enjoyed the entertainment of the county's children. Everyone, except Atticus, the tired ladies, and the usual outcasts. It's interesting that Atticus didn't come, I think there is a deeper meaning besides that he was to tired to come. Maybe it was because he didn't want people to keep asking him if he was okay after the verdict. He might've been too embarrassed, but that doesn't especially suit his character.

## Quote 2 (classroom)
> “The Dewey Decimal System consisted, in part, of Miss Caroline waving cards at us on which were printed “the,” “cat,” “rat,” “man,” and “you.” No comment seemed to be expected of us, and the class received these impressionistic revelations in silence. I was bored, so I began a letter to Dill. Miss Caroline caught me writing and told me to tell my father to stop “teaching me. “Besides,” she said. “We don’t write in the first grade, we print. You won’t learn to write until you’re in the third grade.”

The stupidity revolving this classroom is kind've ridiculous, first you have this brand new teacher, Miss Crawford getting mad at Scout for being too damn smart, then you've got the Ewell kid who only comes in once a year. The fact that the teacher is oblivious about Scout's smart is pretty funny. Especially Scout's comments on "The Dewey Decimal System".
